Half awake, you hear the sounds of the doors opening.

You squirm in your seat, trying to get comfortable, holding on to the precious sleep that has eluded you most of the week.

You hear the subtle whirrrrrr of the train engines at rest.

Opening your eyes for a split second, you see you are still alone in the train cabin.

The sky was still dark. There are no blue hues fading into black sky yet. You must be somewhere between Baltimore and Washington, D.C.

You feel the keyboard and bag, still on the seat next to you.

Soon, the conductor will announce the next stop, advise passengers to 'Be Careful Of The Closing Doors', and the train will continue onward.

You want for the expectantly for the announcement.

...

...

...

There must be some hold up. Possibly waiting for another train for people to transfer, someone asking the conductor about directions...

...

... Earthtime Tapesty

...

The car is quiet. You steal another glance, and twist your neck to see if anyone else in the car is awake and noticing the stop, but you are the only one in the car.

You're awake now. Hopefully there is no issue with the train.

You sit up straight and glance out at the station.

Which station is this?

You look for a sign, but do not immediately see one. Your view must be obstructed by one of the brick pillars lining the platform.

It looks like any other medium sized station along this corridor.

Each follow a similar layout:

* small parking lot
* variety of weathered vending machines inside and out, usually out of order and/or stock
* a waiting room, in case of cold weather, equipped with an analogue or digital train times board
* a small snack bar/cafe selling tar black coffee, breakfast pastries wrapped in Saran Wrap, fruit snacks, magazines, energy drinks, beer, wine coolers, chips, candy, gum
* a sadly restroom
* and a plastic wall mount distributing pamphlets for attractions, restaurants, golf courses, hay rides, swimming poles, lawn care, tax services, and public parks

This station is no different.

Lights illuminate the platform, though no one is standing outside. You don't blame them, it's a bit chilly tonight, and they've likely already boarded the train.

Something catches your eye, nearly out of view from your seat, further along the platform.

Sitting on one of the benches outside...

...
...
...

Is... that ...?

Your eyes must be deceiving you. For a second, you thought you saw... no, no... surely not. Lack of sleep, exhaustion.

You rub your eyes, and look out onto the platform again.

Is it a child waving at you? You try and convince yourself otherwise, but the thought rises up anyway...

... is that a PET?

You stand, face pressed against the glass, peering wildly across the platform.

... is it... waving at you?!?!

You turn back to and look around the train car. There is no one else here to see this.

You turn back to the platform. The PET waves as you and gestures for you to come towards it. The PET hops off the bench.

You sit back down in your seat.

What is happening?
Is this a dream?
This must be a dream, Nick.
Of course.

You look back and cannot see the PET. You stand and walk along the aisle of the train.

-- you can speak?!
-- Yes, Nick. I can speak. This is all real. Come, we've been waiting for you, we thought the train would not make it

WHERE WE NEED TO GET TO: Pet has already explained that you are going to see the council, they will explain, and that you now need to get the keyboard.
